com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/TypeId.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.TypeId
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/PromiseResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.PromiseResolvedType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/ReactClassNames.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ReactClassNames
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/NativeModuleResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.NativeModuleResolvedType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/Annotations.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.Annotations
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/ArrayType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.ArrayType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/ResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ResolvedType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ResolvedType$NativeTypeContext
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/GenericObjectResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.GenericObjectResolvedType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.GenericObjectResolvedType$1
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/SchemaJsonParser.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.SchemaJsonParser
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/ReservedFunctionValueResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ReservedFunctionValueResolvedType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ReservedFunctionValueResolvedType$1
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/ReservedFunctionValueType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.ReservedFunctionValueType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.ReservedFunctionValueType$ReservedName
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/AnyType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.AnyType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/AliasResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.AliasResolvedType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/NullableResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.NullableResolvedType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/ArrayResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ArrayResolvedType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ArrayResolvedType$1
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/BooleanResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.BooleanResolvedType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/FunctionResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.FunctionResolvedType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/DoubleType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.DoubleType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/NullableType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.NullableType
com/facebook/react/codegen/plugin/CodegenPluginExtension.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.plugin.CodegenPluginExtension
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/CodegenException.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.CodegenException
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/TypeData.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.TypeData
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/GenericObjectType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.GenericObjectType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/ObjectType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.ObjectType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.ObjectType$Property
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/TypeUtils.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.TypeUtils
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/TypeResolver.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.TypeResolver
com/facebook/react/codegen/plugin/CodegenPlugin.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.plugin.CodegenPlugin
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/NumberType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.NumberType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/StringResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.StringResolvedType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/AnyResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.AnyResolvedType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.AnyResolvedType$1
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/AliasType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.AliasType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/Int32Type.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.Int32Type
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/FloatType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.FloatType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/VoidType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.VoidType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/BooleanType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.BooleanType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/ObjectResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ObjectResolvedType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ObjectResolvedType$1
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/NativeModuleType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.NativeModuleType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.NativeModuleType$Property
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/FunctionType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.FunctionType
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.FunctionType$1
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.FunctionType$ArgumentType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/JavaGenerator.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.JavaGenerator
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/NumberResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.NumberResolvedType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/PromiseType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.PromiseType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/ClassNames.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.ClassNames
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/StringType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.StringType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/resolver/VoidResolvedType.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.resolver.VoidResolvedType
com/facebook/react/codegen/generator/model/Type.java
 com.facebook.react.codegen.generator.model.Type
